I'd like to describe my wardrobe in
style as a kaleidoscope of color a
little bit like my songs are all a bit
like going into another world where
there's everybody's happy
I wore this ready to kind of impress the
boys I think and this looks like the
Statue of Liberty so I'm very angelic I
think the kind of person that would go
for my style of clothes would be
somebody a little bit like me so I think
someone who's looking for something a
little bit different now she's donating
some of her extraordinary collection to
the frock exchange Linda I spotted your
clothes a mile off my goodness you've
arrived in this to swap embracing the
twin concepts of snakeskin and leather
loving it this is this is a daring
ensemble have you had it it looks quite
a tease you've had it since the 80 but
it in Israel actually in about nineteen
eighty-two something like that right and
you still rocking it now still high I'm
I'm kind of swapping it now I think it's
time to let go don't you well you know
it so it's all about it's all about
moving on my goodness then I came across
this ah Strictly Come leprechaun what's
gone on here Linda hazing I am very much
a green lady this is my color and with
the silver as well this is my personal
favorite ah I love it there's a lower
Ashley suit that you yield yeah yeah
which is the actually read elliptical I
think the color is really current it's
not this de tartan is totally back in is
it oh maybe I might change my mind